FIX: useConnectorClient to be enabled only when connected or reconnecting (#4124)
wevm/wagmi: .changeset/short-eyes-hide.md

---
"wagmi": patch
---

> useConnectorClient only enabled when account status is 'connected'.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Updated `useConnectorClient` to enable when status is `'reconnecting'` or `'connected'` (previously was also enabled when status was `'connecting'`).
```
